Research proposal in 15 mins

TITLE OF RESEARCH: Software development process optimization in Kyrgyzstan

SHORT INTRODUCTION:
Software development is a rapidly growing activity that plays an important role in the economic development of many countries of the world.
As Max Marmer wrote in his medium blog(2018), unlike 10 years ago, today's world's 5 largest companies by the market are software development companies.
Particularly as shared in their website(2020) High Tech Park of Kyrgyzstan has raised revenue from "965 million KGS" in 2019 to "1 billion 165 million KGS" in 2020, regardless of the pandemic.
It all looks good, but there are still some impediments that cause a high failure rate of Software Project development in Kyrgyzstan, such as 
treating intellectual work as physical, misunderstanding of business logic, and lack of standards in coding architecture and deployment.
These problems have been faced in many projects at some point, but it doesn't have to be.
The project's success rate can be increased by applying techniques, such as SCRUM, Agile, and Kanban. 
Important here is to choose the most suitable for the team to achieve high-quality results.


RESEARCH QUESTION/HYPOTHESIS:
1-Choosing a suitable project development technique decreases development time and increases success rate by more than 50%.
2-Working remotely with a suitable project development technique can be as productive or more as working from the office.


OBJECTIVES:
To find appropriate ways to measure and improve the productivity of the teams and to discover to what extent the agile methods combined
with “soft skills” of the team affect achieving high-quality results remotely and from the office.

BRIEF JUSTIFICATION OF PROPOSED RESEARCH PROJECT AND ITS SIGNIFICANCE:
Software development methodologies are popular among software companies, but because of some cultural aspects, it is hard for some companies to adopt them.
After 2 years of working as a Software Engineer in Kyrgyzstan, I observed aspects such as software development is measured as a physical job.
It is one of the biggest obstacles to an effective Software development process. To resolve this problem a company needs to have experts in SDLC, 
who can convince in the effectiveness of agile methodologies. I believe this will eventually increase the success rate of software development projects.


RESEARCH DESIGN AND METHODS:
– A qualitative and quantitative study, consisting of interviews with Scrum masters and online
questionnaires for scrum users will be done. Also, I will experiment with methodologies in developing projects from University courses.
This will help me understand to what extent the theories written in Agile methodologies apply to the Software development process in real life.



BIBLIOGRAPHY:
Thomas, D., & Hunt, A. (2019). The Pragmatic Programmer: your journey to mastery. Addison-Wesley Professional.
Fowler, M., & Highsmith, J. (2001). The agile manifesto. Software Development, 9(8), 28-35.
Sutherland, J., & Sutherland, J. J. (2014). Scrum: the art of doing twice the work in half the time. Currency.
Rubin, K. S. (2012). Essential Scrum: A practical guide to the most popular Agile process. Addison-Wesley.
Anderson, D. J. (2010). Kanban: successful evolutionary change for your technology business. Blue Hole Press.



REFERENCE LIST:
Max Marmer (2018, February 13). A Look at How Technology is Reshaping the Global Economy. https://maxmarmer.medium.com/a-look-at-how-technology-is-reshaping-the-global-economy-c716c4681e06
Anonymous (2020, November 13). 3RD QUARTERLY REPORT FOR 2020. THIS REPORT IS A RESULT OF ECONOMIC ACTIVITIES OF 68 RESIDENT COMPANIES IN SOMS. http://htp.kg/news_items/41 
Fowler, M., & Highsmith, J. (2001). The agile manifesto. Software Development, 9(8), 28-35.
Brijmohan Bhavsar (2017,November 7). Solving Software Development’s 5 Greatest Challenges. https://synoptek.com/insights/it-blogs/solving-software-developments-greatest-challenges/
