Hello!

My name is Azat Dhznaybekov. I am 21 years old. Right now I am 4th year student at Middle East Technical University 
located in the capital of Turkey - Ankara. Although I will graduate this June, I want to continue education. Particularly I want to do it
in the field of Information Technology and strengthen my engineering skills.

For this intention I believe that Universities such as Budapest University of Technology and Economics, University of Szeged, University
of Debrecen is a good choice. To be sure, I reached some graduates of these universities, and of course we discussed pros and cons.
One of advantages is that they focused education. Another one is that they invest more time on practical side. And finally the environment 
is widely international which allows culture and experience exchange.As a result this and many other researches I ensured that enrolling 
to masterdegree in CS is a right step in reaching my goal, which is to become professional computer engineer, and I hope that I will be accepted.

 Alongside with master degree, I like learning information technology and acquire new skills in it whenever I find time. For example by 
 using mathematical background and fundamental programming skills, I regularly participate in coding competitions among Universities and online
 such as codeforces.com and ACM ICPC. As a consequence of this hobby so far I could get some honorable achievements in competitive programming, which gives me more motivation to push it forward.

My future plans are big. Master degree won’t only improve my technical skills, but also it will allow to actively participate 
and maybe lead projects with wide audience.

Although we have internet services are not very advanced in my country. AS an example, 
many services and one of them is transportation system has to digitalized. Tickets to the buses or trains cannot 
be purchased via internet. 

I also have worked as a Computer Engineer during last 2 summers and gained experience in Web Development and mathematics. 
I believe that this experience and strong mathematical background qualifies me for the master position at 
stipendium hungaricum program.
